A fantastic hobby.
A British boy has become one of the youngest people to sail alone across the Atlantic Ocean.
Seb Clover has a fantastic and exciting hobby.
Sailing.
He sailed his 9.8 meter long boat, 5,000 kilometers from Tenerife to Antigua.
15-year-old Seb said.
Sometimes I was afraid, but I still enjoyed every moment.
The best thing was seeing fish and other sea animals swimming close to the boat.
He was also very happy to arrive in Antigua.
You were busy all the time on the boat alone.
It's difficult to cook something to eat on this kind of journey because you have to watch
the sea all the time.
Usually you eat something small and often.
That way you don't have to stop working.
The worst part of the journey?
That's easy to answer.
Said Seb.
I ran out of chocolate.
Seb has sailed boats since he was very young and started to get ready for this journey
when he was only 12.
Seb said.
I enjoyed sailing alone, but I'm looking forward to going back to school now.
Next time, I'd like to go sailing with my friends.